Welcome to our Machine Learning A-Z course!

Congratulations, you took a great first action starting it, but now we want to motivate you to really learn Machine Learning and finish the course.

That's why we are giving you a challenge, which starts right now:

If you manage to complete this course in less than 2 months, we will give you an incredible Bonus right after. Here is what we will send you (we saved the best for the end):

10 Data Science use cases we do with ChatGPT, including Time Series Analysis, ChatBots, Computer Vision, Recommender Systems, Fraud Detection, Self-Driving Cars and more. We recorded one very clear hands-on tutorial for each use case so you will get 10 video lectures plus the codes of each tutorial. What ChatGPT can do has blown my mind, it's really incredible you'll see.

Our 10 Best Machine Learning & Data Science PDF Cheatsheets.

One video tutorial where we help you write a great cover letter for your resume.

A resume template for Data Science.

AND NOW THE BEST FOR THE END: You will get a free 2-hour mini-course on Generative AI, in which we will leverage the power of Cloud Computing for Prompt Engineering, Conversational Chatbot, Text Generation, Text Classification, Text Summarization, Question Answering, Information Extraction, and Image Generation, by using the following state of the art LLMs / foundation models:
Claude by Anthropic,
Jurassic-2 by AI21 Labs,
Command by Cohere,
Titan by Amazon.
This last Bonus will give you incredible tools for Generative AI, which will without a doubt help you tremendously in your day-to-day work.

To take the challenge, here are the three simple steps you need to follow:

Starting from now, you complete the course within two months.

Once done, you can send me a direct message (link here and then you click "Send message") with a screenshot of your certificate of completion which you will get after completing all the lectures. Or, if you are happy to share your certificate on LinkedIn, feel free to do so and mention me (@Hadelin de Ponteves, Hon. PhD) in the post so that I can see it. And then because I have a LinkedIn Premium account, I will be able to send you a message (InMail) with the Bonus (which I will do quickly because I am very active on LinkedIn).

Then I will just check that you subscribed to this course less than two months before the moment you sent me the certificate of completion, and if so, I will immediately send you the Bonus.

You can totally do it, so never stop learning, and enjoy Machine Learning!

Hadelin

PS: By succeeding the challenge you will also be selected to participate in a $3600 Prize Pool Giveaway. We are drawing 8 Amazon gift cards this month for students who complete any of the challenges we have in our courses: The prizes for this month are one gift card of 100 USD (Bronze Medal), another one of 200 USD (Silver Medal), another one of 300 USD (Gold Medal), another one of 400 USD (Diamond Medal), another one of 500 USD (Platinum Medal), another one of 600 USD (Palladium Medal), another one of 700 USD (Iridium Medal), and a last one of 800 USD (Rhodium Medal). If you win, we will contact you directly and send you immediately your Amazon gift card.

The winners of October are...: John (Bronze), George (Silver), Navodit (Gold), Mitali (Diamond), Sohail (Platinum), Boris (Palladium), and the big winner Salma (Iridium). Huge Congrats to them!!! Video of the draw here.

PPS: We now attribute different weights to our courses having the challenge, so that students who complete the longer courses get more entries in the draw. Since Machine Learning A-Z is our longest course with a 2-month challenge, you will get 5 entries in the draw by completing this course.
